Expand the README (#20)
nextcloud/integration_google: README.md

# Google integration in Nextcloud

🇬 Google integration allows you to automatically import your Google calendars, contacts, photos and files into Nextcloud.

## 🚀 Installation

> In your Nextcloud, simply enable the Google Integration app through the Apps management. The Google Integration app is only included in Nextcloud v20 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your Nextcloud, simply enable the Google Integration app through the Apps management. The Google Integration app is only included in Nextcloud 20 and higher.
```

## 🔧 Setup

> The app needs some setup in the Google API Console in order to work. To do this, go to Settings > Administration > Connected accounts and follow the instructions under "Google integration".

Reviewer: It's not clear that your first talk about the google side and then the Nextcloud settings.

```suggestion
The app needs some setup in the Google API Console in order to work. To do this, go to Nextcloud Settings > Administration > Connected accounts and follow the instructions of "Google integration" section.
```
